docs(firebase_analytics): example app initialization and docs support status (#7745)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/cli.mdx

## Usage

:::note

> Some plugins or platforms doesn't support Dart-only initialization **yet**, for which you will use the platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some plugins or platforms do not support Dart-only initialization **yet**, for which you will use the platform
```

> config files through the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx), the following table shows the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config files through the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx). The following table shows the current
```
